Documentation meta-descriptions review N° 2 (#5518)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/services/supported-services/vpc.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Amazon VPC lets users provision a logically isolated section of the AWS Cloud where they can launch AWS resources. Learn more about it in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Amazon VPC lets users provision a logically isolated section of the AWS Cloud where they can launch AWS resources. Learn more about Wazuh and Amazon VPC in this section.
```
